docs: admonitions, fenced blocks, missing ref options (#256)
iterative/cml.dev: content/docs/ref/pr.md

  the created PR after CI tests pass.
- `--md`: Produce output in markdown format (`[CML Pull/Merge Request](url)`
  instead of `url`).

> - `--skip-ci`: Forcefully stop the PR triggering another CI run post-merge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--skip-ci`: Prevent the PR from triggering another CI run post-merge.
```

Or something with less force? 😅

Author: ```suggestion
- `--skip-ci`: Prevent the PR/MR from triggering another CI run post-merge.
```
